you just turn from predator to break and
one cop charges
first shots critical you're gonna make
him mad
a bear can charge 40 miles an hour they
are top top predators I loss I have no
clue where he is
oh
shakin
thank you thank you brother bear that is
a big thing for me to actively pursue a
bear proud of myself for doing it and
overcoming some fears especially as he
was getting closer but I also protected
cam I did this to protect me so my
little grandkids could still visit and
see me and I really appreciate
appreciate the moment
I'm going fire just in case he could
just be too injured to walk here's your
kill shot this is not a case of let's go
out and get the biggest baddest bear on
the planet this was a case of I knew I
had a bear that was coming around
through camp I'm harassing getting into
things this could very well I mean it's
within five six miles of my home he was
headed back there this
brings back a lot of memories man this
is a mature boar but that
I don't take the taking of life lightly
I absolutely respect every single thing
about this guy
and I accept it a long time ago there's
something like this I might be the one
laying there not him
Thank You bear your spirit will not go
to waste
you'll bring warmth nutrition I'm
grateful for it but for perspective this
is definitely not the end of the war
this is one skirmish in the battle on
the Arctic it's not over
you